### Hi there 👋

I'm Stu, it's a pleasure to e-meet you! I'm part of the platform teams at [Checkout.com](https://www.checkout.com). I work on a variety of projects, including testing out new technologies, performance & scalability, streamlining product teams and general devops stuff.

- 🔭 I’m currently working on build out [OpenMessage](https://github.com/im5tu/OpenMessage) (my experimental messaging framework) & [Rafters](https://github.com/im5tu/Rafters) (an experiment in building out RAFT consensus in C#).
- 🌱 I’m currently learning for my AWS Architect exams & streaming systems
- 📫 You can contact me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/im5tu) and read a few entries on [my blog](https://im5tu.io)

### Recent Blog Posts
<!--START_SECTION:feed-->
- [Building a Zero Trust Architecture In AWS](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;12&#x2F;building-a-zero-trust-architecture-in-aws&#x2F;) 
*In the vast majority of companies that I&amp;rsquo;ve been in, software engineering &amp; infrastructure best practises have often been left as something that needs to be updated later because building the product comes first. This is completely understandable as if you don&amp;rsquo;t have a product, you don&amp;rsquo;t have employment. This presents problems later when companies are beginning to scale rapidly and become popular. Not only does the company becomes a target for malicious actors, but security-related incidents can easily occur by leaving storage devices open accidentally. Once a malicious actor is in your system, you usually have pretty big problems unless you design your architectures with Zero Trust in mind.*
- [Using Moq with ref, in and out parameters in C#](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;11&#x2F;using-moq-with-ref-in-and-out-parameters-in-c&#x2F;) 
*In this article, I want to take a look at a scenario that I came across this week which I&amp;rsquo;ve come across a few times. Occasionally, you will have an interface that you wish to mock out with Moq and find you have troubles because the method signature takes a ref or an out parameter. This week, I&amp;rsquo;ve found a way that we can successfully mock the method without too much of a change to the test code.*
- [A Look Into CloudEvents](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;11&#x2F;a-look-into-cloudevents&#x2F;) 
*Over the past few months, I&amp;rsquo;ve been looking into the internal architecture setup for Checkout.com and seeing how we can scale it for the next few years. As part of that research, I&amp;rsquo;ve been looking into the CloudEvents specification as a potential option as the basis for a common event schema across teams.*
- [Setting Up A Repository Template In Github For K6](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;10&#x2F;setting-up-a-repository-template-in-github-for-k6&#x2F;) 
*In my previous article, we took a look at setting up a template repository for our .Net projects. Repository templates can massively help with the consistency and startup speed of a new project. In this article, we will take a look at a different repository template that I&amp;rsquo;ve been using for work for running our performance tests.*
- [Setting Up A Repository Template In Github For .Net](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;10&#x2F;setting-up-a-repository-template-in-github-for-.net&#x2F;) 
*Over the past few weeks, I&amp;rsquo;ve been updating some of my projects to latest standards, adding in Github Actions where appropriate etc. Most recently I&amp;rsquo;ve setup a template repository in Github.*
- [Implementing Simple Feature Toggles In AspNetCore Using IConfiguration](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;08&#x2F;implementing-simple-feature-toggles-in-aspnetcore-using-iconfiguration&#x2F;) 
*Recently, we&amp;rsquo;ve had the need to build a few feature toggles in our applications that can be changed at runtime. This article walks through a simple approach that you can use in your applications, including a description of a route to dynamic feature toggles.*
- [Architecture Pathway Introduction](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;07&#x2F;architecture-pathway-introduction&#x2F;) 
*Over the past year or so, I&amp;rsquo;ve had the pleasure of mentoring people on their software development journeys. Some of those personnel have expressed a desire to pursue the software architect route. As it&amp;rsquo;s something that I often refer to, I&amp;rsquo;ve decided to post a mini-pathway to help guide on some of the basics.*
- [My Favourite Git Aliases](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;07&#x2F;my-favourite-git-aliases&#x2F;) 
*Git aliases are used to create new git commands that can either invoke a function, or be used to create commands that map to longer commands. For example, we could map git co to git checkout or have git undo undo our previous commit. In this article, I&amp;rsquo;m going to show you some of my favourite git aliases.*
- [Diagnostics in .Net Core 3: An alternative approach to using dotnet-counters with Docker](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;06&#x2F;diagnostics-in-.net-core-3-an-alternative-approach-to-using-dotnet-counters-with-docker&#x2F;) 
*In a previous article, we took a look at a way to use dotnet-counters with an external image. This article takes a look at how we can embed the tooling that we require into the image so that we extract the counter&#x2F;memory information as required. This approach does not require elevated permissions as before.*
- [Diagnostics in .Net Core 3: Listening to inbound HTTP requests](https:&#x2F;&#x2F;im5tu.io&#x2F;article&#x2F;2020&#x2F;06&#x2F;diagnostics-in-.net-core-3-listening-to-inbound-http-requests&#x2F;) 
*In my previous article we took a look at how to monitor outbound HTTP requests using a DiagnosticListener. In this article, we will re-use some of the same components to monitor inbound HTTP requests. We could use middleware to do as most approaches do, but this approach is highly dependent on the middleware that you have and the duration of this, so we will re-use some of the code from last time.*
<!--END_SECTION:feed-->
